Create MoM-2023-04-12 (#14)
camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement: documentation/MeetingMinutes/MOM-2023-04-12.md

# Identity and Consent Management meeting

#### *12th of April 2023*

## Attendees

| Companies | Attendees |
| ---- | ------- |
| Alicon | Ike Alisson |
| Cisco | Ravi Shek | 
| CodeB | Juss Makela |
| DT | Dawid Wróblewski, Rafal Artych |
| Ericsson | Jan Friman |
| GSMA | Mark Cornall, Toyeeb Rehman, Tom van Pelt |
| Orange | Ludovic Robert |
| Telefónica | **Diego González (chair)**, Jesús Peña, Jose Ordonez-Lucena  |
| T-Mobile US| Murat Karabulut |

> | Vodafone| Eric Murray, Ivan Nieto, Fraser King, Klaus Reifenrath, Sachin Kumar, Nevin Aquinas |

Reviewer: Alexander Boraczynski, not Fraser King

## Q&A session
The following table summarizes the main discussion that was held after document presentation.  

| Company | Q/A | Comments |
| ---- | ---| ------- | 
| **Topic: Consent API** | |
| GSMA | Q | Suggested the possibility to use the API from application to trigger consent capture by the operator. |
| Telefónica | A | From TEF point of view, consent capture should be part of the authorization flow. But it is not a "closed door" for this proposal if we found the need for CAMARA.|
| GSMA | Q | What is the scenario applicable to user consent API?|
| Telefónica | A | The marketplace/app asks the user to provide the consent; as soon as the user provides the requested consent, the marketplace/app shall let the telco operator know that the user has provided consent for a given purpose. To that end, the marketplace/app invokes the consent API, sending in the API call the consent, so that the telco operator can store it. Our baseline proposal is to go for OIDC flow.|

> | GSMA | Q | Consent grant at run time, at setup time, or both of them?|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| GSMA | Q | AuthZ grant type selection at run time, at setup time, or both of them?|
```
